USE CASE: INDUCTION

This Use Case of Induction, relates to the first step of self-hypnosis, where the hypnotic state is created in an
individual. There are truly numerous ways to induce a state of hypnosis, but for the sake of illustrating the
relevance of our 'model, we use it directly in the induction process. Firstly, we choose a relaxing background music.
Secondly, we play the model on top of the chosen song with an assumption, that listening to a background 
buzz/fuzz noice, which tends to stay on a rather same kHz level constantly, creates relaxation after a while. 
Thirdly, we add an individual binaural beat also on top of this song, starting from 20 kHz level and then 
gradually decreasing the binaural beat into a 4.5 kHz level, where its purpose is to keep the hypnosis state ongoing
after the song has stopped playing. All these three methods, can create a hypnotic state on their own too, but 
their combination makes the induction both more effective, pleasant to hear and enables it to remain rather 
constant, until cancellation. This illustration lasts only 30 seconds here, because the several IPR related issues 
makes it difficult to use original songs in their full length. Also, because of IPR issues, we do not present a ready
made file for the induction. However, the key stages are presented below: just add them into a single file on your own. 


1.) Free ringtone by Fringster (https://fringster.com/fi/ringtone/20074/) featuring 30 seconds of Louis Armstrong 
song 'What A Wonderful World'. [Viewed at 23rd of October 2021]. Available from: https://fringster.com/fi/ringtone/20074/
 --> Converted into MP3 format.

2.) Our model plays the background buzz/fuzz noise, until the song stops playing. 
--> this comes directly from the designed functions of the model.

3.) Binaural beat starting from 20 kHz and decrease it into 4.5 kHz. 
This was created by using a freeware:  Gnaural Binaural Beat Generator. 
This sounds is played simultaneously with the above two files.
--> Converted into wav format.

We expect, that listening to an audio file of this type for 3-10 minutes, induces an efficient state of self-hypnosis 
in most individuals, although it takes perhaps a couple of times to practice this, if the whole idea of self-hypnosis 
is new. However, this kind off induction is not the most efficient one for suggestotherapy, clinical surgery or 
stage hypnosis sessions, where the hypnosis is being induced. More advanced methods are applied in those circumstances. 

